CC

Okay, So what brings you in today?
Um, I've been having pretty bad neck pain.

HPI

So how long's this been going on?
Probably about two days.

Anything happened a couple days ago out of the ordinary?
Well, I was in a small car accident.

What happened?
Um, I was at a stop light, and the person behind me rear ended me.

So when exactly did the pain start about how many hours after the accident?
Um, I would probably say maybe 4 to 6 hours after I think maybe I was just in shock at first, and so I didn't really feel any pain or anything.

Can you pinpoint a specific area on your neck?
It's mostly just the back of my neck and on the sides of my neck.

Both sides?
Yes.

Been accident?
No.

And is there anything that's making the pain worse?
Um, mostly when I bend my head forward and try to turn it to the left, It kind of, I notice is really terrible.

I took some ibuprofen and I put ice on the back of my neck, and that helped a little bit, but it still hurt.

And how much ibuprofen are you taking?
I took two tablets every six hours or so.

And can you describe the pain to me?
It just feels like a tight kind of dull pain.

And is this pain radiating are moving anywhere?
Not really. It just goes up and down the back of my neck.

And on a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the worst pain, where would you say you're at?
Um, probably around a six or a seven out of 10.

Is it a constant thing?
Yes.

What would you say?
It feels like it's getting worse but I don't know if that's because the ibuprofen's not working.

And, um, you know, if we need to possibly do some soup Actiq treatments and we'll get on to that later, Okay?
Okay.

PMH

And, um, as far as your past medical history, have you ever had a neck injury before?
No.

I have asthma.

Um, and I take medicine for that.

Ever been hospitalized?
No.

Ever had any certain dreams?
I had my tonsils taken out when I was a kid.

Meds

Do you just take that as needed, huh?
And you take any other medications I take, um uh, loratadine or Claritin for allergies.

Vitamins?
I take a multivitamin.

And I always like to ask all my patients Any recreational drug use?
No.

Allergies

And are you allergic to any medication?
I am.

I'm allergic to penicillin.

FH

Um, any medical conditions in the family with your mom and dad?
My mom, Uh, she's pretty healthy.

I have a brother, and he's healthy.

Arthritis?
No.

SH

And what do you do for a living?
I'm an administrative assistant.

Oh, where do you work?
I work for the fish and wild like services.

Stressful or pretty?
Um, it's not very stressful at all.

And are you married?
I am.

You have no Children?
No, not yet.

And so do you have hobbies that you like to do?
I do.

And how long have you been smoking?
How?